[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Who's Lyrica?
She's the master of all
masters in human form,
choosing to not embody in
the way most humans embody.
Giving her a label
doesn't feel right.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
I just love to look in her eyes
and she is my shamanic journey.
When I connect to
her spirit, she
knows how to go
between the veils.
Being the other realms and then
distill things and bring them
back for us.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
She's someone I guess
I've always known.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Gayle's a translator for
Lyrica of higher vibrations,
bringing it into
a language that we
can understand in
our humanness and let
our minds come on board.
And I've watched their
system between two of them
for many hours.
And I'm 100% understanding
that it's perfect communication
system to bring Lyrica's
vibration into our languaging
system to translate it
so we can receive it.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> In my work with my mentor,
I knew I had a bigger purpose
to do.
But I was not embodied enough
to be able to help humanity
in the 3D world, the
way I felt I could
and sharing my life and love.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Many people shy away
from the word ascension.
Ascension belongs to everyone.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
And a light coming
into the planet now
is allowing us to make
our search and journey
without having to die.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
It's mainly about finding
our true essence and gifts
and bringing them back home to
our families and communities
as supports for their journeys.
Demos even someone
like me who began life,
you could say, far behind
the starting line almost,
without a speaking voice and
little connection to my body
can rise up to find the
abilities even superpowers that
belong to all, what
are known by few.
I am a unifier of many
worlds and realities
who has learned the
truth my own being here
to open up a similar
truth knowing in others.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
I am now supported
by a very large group
of planetary leaders in
the highest cosmic zones.
But for many months
we've been meeting
at night in my
sleep time travels
to orchestrate a
light delivery system
to ensure Earth's
survival and platform
to thrive as human divine banks.
>> Wow.
>> Are you ready for the
big for the big bang here?
Put that across that leg.
That means you're
getting relaxed.
Only type short sentences.
You must do telepathy.
OK.
I'm in that.
I'm in the ball game.
Are we a little bit too close?
Our arms are-- touching
arms is OK for me.
You must be more flexible
on your position.
I'm glad she dropped
that because she's
going to twiddle her skirt.
No, you can't do that
because that's going
to mess up the microphone.
You need to twiddle yours.
Woo hoo.
>> It's here we are
with Gayle and Lyrica.
Good to see you guys again.
>> In our new home in Sedona.
>> New Sedona home.
This has been, what a journey?
>> Yeah, I know it's
your turn to talk.
So let's let Reuben talk first.
>> I just for us and
to catch up here,
we've been doing this on
and off here for 10 years.
>> Unbelievable.
>> And in many ways our
interactions with each other
over the years has been a
huge inspiration for the show,
starting the show and then
me trying to figure out,
when and how can I tell this
story and we're finally ready
to do this.
>> I think it's amazing that 10
years ago when we were really
in our infantile stages that you
saw it even though it was not
even that transparent to us.
And so I really honor
your persistence
and your belief in something
that was pretty intangible back
then.
And I mean, it's still not
physical but it's more apparent
and I guess we've all grown
so much in the 10 year period
that everything is new and
different and wonderful.
>> Well, I saw it.
I knew there was
the story I wanted
to tell but I didn't
know how to tell it,
I didn't know what platform.
And we had all these
ideas of documentaries
and different things.
And in the meantime I
was developing the show.
So the show is doing well
and here's where we are.
And we built the audience
now, prepping them
I think with the idea of extra
dimensional, inter-dimensional.
And we have Lyrica
here to help also
bridge these worlds who has
been bridging these worlds
for many years now.
So I think it's time
to tell her story.
>> I am a non-verbal autistic,
some of this is typing some
of it's telepathy.
>> Yeah, go ahead.
We can free flow.
>> Who is proud of my soul.
>> I am a non-verbal autistic
who is proud of my soul group.
I love how my own
personal story honors
the heart essence and the truth
of all beloveds in my soul
family.
In our contract for
this human walk,
we agree to come here lightly
incarnated to never ever lose
our direct plug-in to source.
>> --Ever lose our direct
plug in source to source.
>> That's the key to who
we are, why we are here,
and the gifts we are bringing
to humanity and the planet.
After 46 years in
my suit of autism,
I am finally now a
tuned in Earth dweller.
Yet, this story began
in a very dark place.
I felt the vibrational
harshness of this world
as non-stop physical
pain to my body.
And as a lightly incarnated
being, I was in a body
that I could not control at all.
So I retreated as
much as possible
into my out-of-body state in
the higher dimensional world.
Here, I was peacefully at
home in my source essence.
Yet, every time I was touched
by another human or something
in the environment touched
me like a loud noise,
I was plopped back
into this dreadful hell
on Earth existence.
Here, nothing made sense.
Earth life was all one
big non-stop nightmare.
>> So in many ways,
Lyrica is trying to--
in a sense, doing work to
understand this reality?
>> I began to finally gain
my mastery here, first,
by writing my early life
story and then by dropping
into a long intensive ascension
journey supported by my mentor.
That first step,
my early life story
is told in our autism
book co-written
with three other
non-verbal autistics.
Here, we share about our world
mainly to open up our hearts
to who we are and why
we're here to help
humanity find its truth.
And that truth is we are
all expressions of source.
But in the human condition,
this truth gets lost easily.
Then later in my
ascension process,
I was able to eventually embody
my best nonphysical essence
into the human earthly
physical part of me.
Now, I'm at peace here,
living in a more unified
and realized state of being.
Now, I am source
connected and source
empowered to act in this world
to support humanity and Earths
ascension.
Now, I can operate with
my feet on the ground
to help create the higher
order, higher consciousness
world that we all desire.
Now, I can experientially
demonstrate the much bigger
story about who humans
really are and can become
when they step into their
own awakening process
or path of ascension.
>> Right.
So when you said
the other co-author,
so would that be
Daniel and Adri?
Were they-- they
make appearances--
>> No, we had three other early
on co-writers Kellen, Leslie,
and Sara.
And they were people that
I was privileged to work
with for about 10 years.
And they typed just
like Lyrica does.
>> Oh, wow.
>> And they shared
their outer world,
inner world experiences
and taught me so much about
the multidimensional nature
of who all of us are,
the communing with angels and
soul traveling into dimensions
and healing with light and just
all kinds of things that were
very foreign to me.
>> I see.
I see.
>> But I think most telling
to me was just being
in their presence.
And I myself was pretty shut
down, and later to find out I'm
autistic on the Asperger
end of things and life
really wasn't
making sense to me.
And I was having trouble
with mainstream integration.
It was very difficult
and painful for me.
And when I was in the presence
of Lyrica and the three
other non-verbal autistics,
wow, just being with them,
I started to feel
my own life awaken.
I started feeling
who I really am.
And I could let the guard
down, the shields down,
and begin to really explore my
truth and my higher humanity.
So I really credit Lyrica
and her first three friends
as being my teachers.
And that's the whole
point of this first book.
It's really these four beloveds
who write very poetically.
And it's really a transmission
of their higher essence,
their higher heart.
And they're taking us
by the hand and heart
and bringing us into our
own multidimensional world.
What would you like to say, Lyr?
I see the first book as a
heart story of our reason
for being here in
the way we are.
We aren't need to be fixed.
We are wired for the
dimensional truth.
We are here to share.
And each-- we call them
NBAs, non-verbal autistics,
are highlight
transmitters wherever
they are, wherever they go.
And those who can
receive their light
are blessed by their
presence like mom was.
Yeah.
There are others
who have honored us
and are working parallel with
us like Susie Miller and Lori
Shehu and just many of the
families and individuals who
are not writing.
And I'll just say Lyrica was OK.
When Lyrica I first
wrote this book,
I think our friend
Adri that you've met,
I think they published the
very first bright light
book on autism.
And at that time, there
really weren't many typers.
Lyrica was one who actually
intuited this whole process
of facilitated typing before it
ever came to the United States
from Australia.
But since then, there's
been this fabulous explosion
of people without
a speaking voice
that are learning
how to type and that
are typing about
their experiences
and teaching about their inner
worlds and the outer world.
And it's just an
amazing explosion.
And I also feel
like-- to give Lyrica
soul grips and
credit, when we speak
about non-verbal autistics,
Lyrica and her generation
are pretty much that.
But I think there's lots
of new ones coming in,
the young ones just like the
babies that are coming in still
with the same contract of
being lightly incarnated.
So they don't lose their
connection to source.
But they're better organized
in the physical lane.
And I think that's because the
ones like Lyrica and Adrian
and Daniel and the ones that
are co-writers in our book,
they were the first wavers.
And they held the frequency
at a really tough time
in this planet so that
the young ones now
can come in more organized.
But I think it's--
now, it's truly a spectrum.
And I think with all of the
writers that are coming forth,
I think it's time to really
take advantage of their emerging
truth and make something
pretty amazing happen.
I am not as loudly
connected to the whole tribe
as I used to be because of my
personal experience of pulling
out for my inner journey
where I had to drop out
my identity as a leader
in that soul group
to dive deep enough into my
own soul assignment here.
And that's the point of our
second book called My Journey--
or Lyrica's Journey
of Ascension.
And I hit a point
where I knew that I
had written the first book--
and you'd blogged a lot too.
Didn't you?
About my vision for a better
world and a higher expression
of humanity.
But I realized it
was time to stop--
I got it.
It's time to stop
writing about it
and to start becoming
it and living it.
And that's where this
journey of ascension began.
>> Before we move any further,
I just wanted to introduce
to the audience about the
board and about the telepathic
communication you have.
I forget because we've been
doing this for so many years.
I forget that the
audience, this may be
their first time seeing this.
So right quick, what's
happening in this communication?
You're using a typewriter.
Could you just show--
>> This is a QWERTY board
just like you would have
on a keyboard on a computer.
And the story about
how this has happened
was Lyrica was about
eight years old.
And we had been
doing a sight reading
program out of Philadelphia.
And so we were using word cards
for making choices in the day.
And we-- I had this immense
library of these huge word
cards all over the house.
And I just had this--
I thought I had
a brilliant idea.
Of course, Lyrica
later tells me,
mom, I telepathically told you
this, and you figured it out.
But anyway, to take
her to my computer,
if she could read some,
maybe she could type.
And of course, at first it
was just like gibberish.
But then this very
clear sentence
came through that was-- that
told me I am not retarded.
I am intelligent.
And that started our
journey that began--
I got to really get to know
her for the first time.
She had-- I had no
recognition of her.
She had no reco--
She had no recognition of me.
But the advent of communication
started the relationship
that has grown over
many, many decades.
And she became a
pioneer in being
able to finally access academic
classes in high school.
Unheard of in her
era, in her time.
>> Yeah.
>> And she even had to go
through a due process in order
to kind of get there.
And the information we have is
it was the first due process
case in the United
States that was based
on this support of typing.
And there's a reason for that
because the autistic brain
has problems with
perspiration and praxis.
And so just the rhythmic
up and down sort of
keeps them focused without the--
this gets-- takes over some
time just because it's fun
or they get the
praxis where they
sort of get stuck and can't
make the next movement.
>> And you're just lightly
gently holding her hand there.
>> Yeah, I mean, she's actually
holding my finger at this point
just because we're sitting in
a kind of unusual position.
>> Oh, OK.
>> Yeah, but if someone
else could feel what I feel,
I'm certainly not
moving her hand.
But we also have done
a lot of telepathy.
And she's taught
me that as well.
And that all began with--
she was telling me on the typing
board, mom, you can hear me.
I know you can hear me.
And I'm going like,
Lyrica, I can't.
I can't.
I don't know what
you're talking about.
And then I would
start to say something
or she would talk in some
kind of language that was
sort of poetic and symbolic.
And I was just going like,
what is she really saying?
So I would ask her, is this
what you're really saying?
And then she would
type out, mummy,
you're getting a telepathy--
you're getting me
through telepathy now.
So we started having
this guessing game.
Am I getting you?
And she would verify yes or no.
And over time, it
just became something
that we really trusted.
And we use it all the time.
In fact, we live in a non-verbal
household, which is unusual,
I guess, for most people.
And we don't even
have a TV here.
So it's really quiet.
>> That's a good thing.
>> We love the canyon winds
coming through and all
the beautiful things in Sedona.
But--
>> So in many ways, then
she's teaching you and us that
telepathic communication
is possible.
And not only possible,
but you are experiencing
that on a daily basis.
>> Well, that's how her
collective communicates.
And that's how I'm
sure the higher
beings in their own worlds and
planets communicate as well.
And it's so
interesting because we
have to have the internet
with all the connections
and Wi-Fi and this and
that and the other.
And how much easier when we just
tune in to the right frequency
channel like a radio and just--
I'm able to hear what
somebody on that same channel
has to say.
And also for them,
telepathy helps
them stay higher in their
dimensional zone because--
and that's part of what this
is doing too, because she gets
to kind of borrow my grounding
rod through touch so that she
can stay up in the higher
zones and still bring it down
in some kind of cohesive way.
>> One of the aspects that--
through the show that
constantly comes up
is we have these-- our extra
dimensional cosmic family
that we're ascending
towards that
era where we can meet together.
They have to sort of
downplay their-- go
into a heavier density.
And it's difficult for them
too when we-- the challenges
and things we work with.
But the more we do our
work as individuals
and as a collective, we're
raising the frequency.
So we kind of have to meet
in that halfway point.
And it sounds like
that's exactly what's
happening with you and Lyrica.
You guys are finding
this medium point
where you can be in both
worlds at the same time.
Anything to say about that?
>> I am moving into a new
paradigm here because when I
unify my soul and body or my
nonphysical and physical self,
I am able to span all dimensions
simultaneously and pick up
highlights in each
in a productive way.
Meaning, my cosmic
very vast self
can actually inform and kind
of drive the car of my body
into its ability
to manifest things
I could never do here alone.
It's the outcome of
my ascension journey
that has totally
changed my reality here.
And this brings me to
talking about the importance
of ascension right now.
>> I never considered that
as important in my non-verbal
autistic earlier life because I
didn't know what I was missing.
In my work with my mentor, I
knew I had a bigger purpose
to do, but I was not
embodied enough to be
able to help humanity in the
3D world the way I felt I could
in sharing my light and love.
But now, I am.
I am a unifier of many
worlds and realities
who has learned the
truth of my own being
here to open up a similar
truth knowing in others.
Many people shy away
from the word ascension,
but maybe they don't
understand it right
or it sounds offsetting.
Our main connection
to that concept
is through people like
Jesus who died and ascended,
or maybe mystics on
the mountaintop who
live very strict lives to
reach their Nirvana state.
Yet, those examples are not very
relatable as a realistic option
for most of us in today's world.
But the truth is ascension
belongs to everyone.
Yeah?
>> Yeah.
>> And it's time.
The light coming
into the planet now
is allowing us to
make our ascension
journey without having to die.
So it's a living operation.
It's mainly about finding
our true essence and gifts
and bringing them back home to
our families and communities
as supports for their journeys.
The technology of ascension
resides in the ability
to transcend out of 3D.
It's such a terrible
prison for the soul.
The crossover between 3D
to 5D is the greatest step
that any human can take.
It has little to do
with the outer world.
It is a total recalibration
of our inner world.
It is a higher vibration of the
heart that informs and directs
every thought and action
of our body and being.
It is like living
in Wonderland where
there are no more opposites,
only harmony and love.
That's the story of book 2.
I don't begin to teach about
ascension conceptually.
I demo it totally through
my own experiences.
So it's like reading
an adventure story,
yet getting downloaded with
lots of light for ascension.
And that's my hope
for this book.
It demos that even
someone like me
who began life,
you could say, far
behind the starting line
of most without a speaking
voice and little
connection to my body,
could rise up to
find the abilities,
even superpowers that belong
to all but are known by few.
Powers like telepathy,
bilocating, and soul
traveling to other dimensions.
I am now supported
by a very large group
of planetary leaders in
the highest cosmic zones.
For many months,
we've been meeting
at night in my
sleep time travels
to orchestrate a
light delivery system
to ensure Earth's
survival and platform
to thrive as human
divine beings.
I watched others in
this tribe whose role
it was to detect the hotspots
on Earth where the light was
most absent or controlled.
Delivery systems
were installed there
to assure these pockets would
be light targets for humanity's
shift into its higher reality.
>> Phew.
>> Wow.
I had a question about--
at night, she's saying
she does this grid work
or working with
these other masters.
And who are some
of these energies
that she works with to help do
the acupuncture to the planet
sort of thing?
>> I hear your question.
>> I don't have a great answer
because in the field where
I'm operating, personal identity
is not as apparent as the pure
light and divine
intelligence is.
What I am touching on
here and speaking about
is for my most
ascended patterning
in these extremely
high dimensions
in my nighttime travels.
Here, I am having experiences
I haven't had before.
The me of me totally drops out.
And I become part of
this light factory
of love for planet Earth.
And it's key for me to remember
that in my light stream form,
I'm not allowed to directly
influence humanity's
choices and outcomes.
And instead, I am part of
a totality that is forever
amplifying this planet's
own true light as humans
become the new masters
walking on Earth.
But I am so hit now
by these light charges
that are coming in at night.
And I know I bet others
are feeling them too.
My mom and I, there's more
tiredness in our bodies,
but our spirits are
bright and alive.
>> Yeah, I think
everybody's feeling it,
especially these
past few months.
It's been really intense
for a lot of people.
>> Yeah, the last--
>> The last opening of the
floodgate was just a few days
ago that I'm aware of.
And these will continue
to support planet Earth.
Yet, the real transformation
is up to the citizens
here, finding their light
and living their truth.
Now, changes have to
happen on the ground now.
>> Yeah, feeling that strongly.
>> The most--
>> The most important part of
my journey inward was my effort
to embody.
I hope my strides will help
other non-verbal autistics
become more grounded
and empowered in ways
that enable humanity to more
easily receive their light
and gifts.
>> That's pretty neat, Lyrica,
the way all these new books are
coming out written by
non-verbal autistics,
the artwork coming out.
I mean, there's
just this explosion
that it's just really,
really exciting
that these beloveds are really
being seen and appreciated
and honored.
>> Well, and for me too,
that 10 years ago I was like,
how do I tell this story?
It's like it's so complex, and
are people going to receive it?
And I was-- there was a
lot of worry from my side.
But now, I feel--
now, it's so easy
to tell this story.
There's no-- there's-- the
groundwork has been laid.
And people are willing
and ready to receive it
in this form and fashion now.
>> Well, there's enough that
are ready to receive it.
There's still some
reticent people
that just haven't awakened or
been informed about the bigger
picture here, but--
and we feel like this whole
story of the ascension journey
that everyone that's here on
the planet now-- right, Lyrica?
Is on the hero's journey
that Joseph Conrad--
Campbell, I'm sorry.
Yeah, wrote about and
talked about so brilliantly.
And yet, our understanding
is that many of them
are doing it sort
of unconsciously.
And that's where they're kind
of getting bounced around a lot.
But when someone sort of wakes
up and sees that this is really
the point to why
we're here and what
we're meant to be doing here
and really choose to make that
a priority in their
life, however that
might look to fill
whatever purpose they
may have here, that's when the
hero's journey sort of switches
gears and becomes
the path of ascension
because it becomes
very conscious.
And that's what we hope
Lyrica's book will be a rally
call to what we're calling
the new consciousness
pioneers because all the
mess in this world today--
and we don't want to go into any
of the gloom and doom really.
But realistically, we know that
the world is really struggling.
And it's because all the
problems that are being created
and have been created were
created from within the mind
heartset of a 3D reality.
>> Right.
>> And if we stay down in 3D,
there's no way we can fix all
of this.
We have to get into
5D or above in order
to be able to
create the solutions
and the new institutions
and the new--
you were just telling me
>> The bitcoins.
>> About the bitcoins.
Yeah, all the new--
>> Decentralized
way of doing things.
>> Yeah, exactly.
So that's where the whole
journey of ascension
is just so critical to our very
survival and to our thrival.
And Lyrica talks about
the greatest step
that any human can take is to
move from 3D into 5D and above.
And--
>> Has she experienced and
helped other civilizations go
through this shift
outside of humanity?
>> Wow, that's a big question.
Leave it to Reuben, right?
I have done many other
civilization pop-ups.
But my record keeping
of this undertaking
is not very
accessible right now.
And I love how my
access to prior life--
prior lifetimes,
OK, prior lifetimes
is totally based on present-day
purpose for me to stay focused.
Yeah.
>> Yeah.
Yeah, it's what's relevant
now for this life.
We were here now so--
>> And I think one of the things
that Lyrica's soul group is
so lovingly showing us is that--
I call it the new human design
or the higher human experience.
And that is that
when we are really
truly able to stay totally
pure connection to source,
perpetual, powerful, that lifts
us up into the quantum field.
And there, anything and
everything is possible.
Like Lyrica said,
she started way
behind the starting line
of most when she came here.
But she was able to land in
some pretty amazing places
and do some pretty
amazing things.
And that's all because
it wasn't just her.
Once she was in the
quantum field, all
of a sudden, the things
that she couldn't do,
that I couldn't
help her with that--
all of those things
came to her aid
like her mentor showing up
from literally nowhere, almost
out of thin air because
it was all orchestrated
on a much higher plane.
And when we get to that ability
and operational knowingness,
wow, what can we manifest?
>> It's really living kind of
in synchronicity and allowing
the bigger story to sort
of unfold without us trying
to control it and master it.
It's just accessing
what's already there.
>> Yeah, as long as we're kind
of true to purpose and we stay
in that higher dimensional zone,
it kind of happens through us
and around us.
We don't even have to
really pull the string
and play the music.
It just-- and it's just--
it's so joyful.
And I can say for me, maybe
I'm not in 5D, 6D all the time.
But I spend enough time there
that even though this world is
as crazy as it is, there
is right now the ability
to individually find that inner
peace and that dimensional zone
so that it changes the whole
experience of being here.
It doesn't take away
the outside messiness,
but it allows us to live a much
more meaningful and purposeful
and really amazing
things happen.
I just-- every day, I'm
just like, wow, Lyrica,
another amazing blessing
just kind of came
flying through the front door.
It's just like--
>> Well, since starting this
journey with you guys 10 years
ago and moving--
the more I found that I moved
into the space, the quantum
or this allowance and
utilizing these tools that I've
been getting from
these interviews,
the more I integrate
those tools and allowance,
which are compassion,
forgiveness, allowance,
flow, going into the
quantum, non judgment.
These are all just what
the great masters have been
teaching us forever, right?
But when you actually
practically integrate them,
totally enhances
this experience.
It's like the difficulties
and the resistance
starts to melt away.
Well, you-- we're in charge
of the resistance when
we stop resisting, right?
And we just allow
the things to happen.
Then just so much can
happen in a magical way.
This world becomes magical.
>> That's kind of
where we are right now.
It's pretty phenomenal.
When mom and I first realized
we needed to relocate to Sedona,
the first message was
through our friend's horse
named Sedona, telling us
we would be moving here.
Also, our new book
told us it didn't
want to be published
in Wickenburg
where we were at the time kind
of finishing up life chapters.
So we tried really hard
to find a house here.
And it was just
kind of a nightmare.
Every time we'd find
something we liked, we throw--
I'm going to kind of
take over for a minute.
We throw our hat in the
ring, and we wish and pray.
And it would always
go in other direction.
And we even got to the
point of going, well,
let's just go find some
kind of rinky-dink rental.
And even that was like so
competitive and not really
available.
And then this-- the
pictures of this house
just sort of popped
on our computer.
And I don't-- there wasn't even
a logical way that it showed
up.
And so we walked
into this front door.
And Lyrica always would
go to find her energy
spot in wherever we went
to go look at a new house.
And she went right
into the bedroom
and was facing straight
into a visual view
of Thunder Mountain.
And she said she
just got downloaded
with this huge lightning
bolt of energy.
And that's when Thunder
started talking to her
and told her that
Thunder had actually
been holding this house
for us, and that it
was where we were
supposed to move
because Lyrica had a really
important future with Thunder.
And this was on the grid line
that would support that future.
And so Thunder
told Lyrica to tell
me to take every nickel,
diamond, penny that I had
and throw it into the
ring and get this house.
>> Wow.
>> And get the-- so three
or four hours later,
the house was ours.
And two weeks later,
we had the keys.
And this was like-- again,
one of those magical things
that after all the wishing and
hoping and trying and losing,
this was just so
divinely orchestrated.
And that began your new
journey here, right?
Yes.
I have been in constant contact
with Thunder as a light voice
of my new life here.
I am landed now
inside Thunder, thanks
to some additional support
from my first meetup
with the Mitchell Hedges' skull.
Yeah.
>> I'm glad you mentioned that.
That's yeah, that's actually
one of the reasons we sort
of reconnected after
a bit of a lull,
was this project that we were
doing with the Mitchell Hedges'
skull.
And you had mentioned Mitchell
Hedges' skull in the book.
>> In the first book, yeah.
>> In the first book.
>> Yeah, because I had a big
experience with it back in like
2000--
I don't-- can't
remember, 8 or something.
>> Right.
And I had-- it was just
divine synchronicity.
We were-- six months ago,
we were working on the film.
So I just called you up.
And I said Gayle, hey,
we're going to be in Sedona.
Would want to revisit
Lyrica's story and journey?
I think I'm ready to tell this.
By the way, we're
doing this thing
on Mitchell Hedges' skull.
And you're like, oh, this is--
and oh, and we're hanging
out with Adele and--
in Sedona.
That's where we're staying.
And then just-- I had no
idea about your history,
Lyrica's history with Sedona.
I didn't know any of that story.
So our last time here, we
had this amazing unfolding
of events.
>> Yeah, so again, the universe
works in magical and mighty
ways but--
so now that you're
connected to Thunder
and you're hearing
the voice of Thunder,
what's the next part
of that iteration?
I was taken inside--
>> I was taken inside the inner
sanctuary of Thunder where I
saw many trails.
But at first, I was too scared
to venture into these pathways.
Thunder encouraged
me to try one path.
I was instantly transported
to the inner sanctuary
of Mount Shasta.
Here, I touched
briefly into the pocket
of what I experienced
as the lost Lemurian
civilization harbored there.
Afterwards, I remember touching
these same inner Earth beings
at the medicine
wheel here in Sedona.
That event happened
many years ago
with my friend Michael and
non-verbal autistic beloveds
Adrian and Daniel.
>> Oh wow.
>> My now time heart feels so
at home in Lemuria that I began
a nighttime journey program
inside these pathways that
seemed to cover
the entire planet.
I dropped into various Lemurian
timelines that I met there.
My other most realized
location was in Tibet.
Here, the Lemurian population
was different but equally as
light and higher truth holding.
That's when I began to
realize I was being journey
to many Lemurian inner
Earth civilizations
now live here to embody the
Lemurian template for others
to receive in some way.
>> From Lyrica's
words, what is Lemuria?
>> It is the only time I
remember being on Earth.
And it was such a
high-vibe paradise
of light beings
interconnected with nature.
>> I'm just flashing on the
movie, The Avatar movie.
>> The Avatar movie?
>> Yeah, yeah, just the visions
of the trees and all of that
just that kind of
>> How everything was
interconnected the connections,
yeah, I think--
>> Yeah, exactly.
We talk--
>> We talk about the new human
design being the return to a 5D
or above experience.
But now, I think
the return is back
to what we were as
light-bearing humans
back in Lemuria before the fall.
>> Before the fall.
Yeah.
Right.
So approximately-- would that
be 13,000 years or 26,000?
>> Not good at that math.
>> OK.
>> We'll let's you be
the expert on that one.
>> We'll figure that
one out later, but--
>> You've got other people that
can help you with that, but--
>> So cool you got to experience
the inner Earth beings
and being in that energy.
>> I love knowing the true
human light in this way.
It's like returning
home without leaving.
>> Yeah.
And is-- my understanding,
maybe Lyrica could reiterate it
on this, is that as
we ascend humanity,
we get to reconnect with our
inner Earth being family.
Is how that works?
>> I don't know the outcome,
but I know my own journey.
I first looked at
them from the outside
in like looking
through a window.
As I took on more of their
divine template into mine,
I began to have more experiences
of being inside their world,
no longer a spectator
outside looking in.
I think that demos what you
were suggesting, Reuben.
At first, I had to stand outside
to view and witness them.
As I gained my light
patterning, similarly, I
was ushered in and blended
into their civilization.
I don't recall many
details about their life
there because I was
interested mainly
in their light patterning.
That was my entry point and
holy soul assignment there.
>> Yeah, yeah.
>> And how cool to be here and
have that connection to Shasta.
I had no idea it was
connected like that.
>> Since then, I have taken
new nighttime journeys
into the highest dimensional
zones I've ever experienced.
Here, as I mentioned earlier,
the me of me disappears.
And I am truly only the
vastness and intelligence
of the creator.
It is such an amazing reality,
reminding me of the great truth
that each one of
us is the essence
and expression of source.
When I wake up in the morning,
I have to go through a very
elaborate re-entry
process that can take--
>> How much time
do you think it is?
>> It can take 10 minutes
or more to reinstall my soul
bubbles into my
physical body as me.
In those 10 minutes, I'm
still able to draw down
portions of that experience
and put them into words.
Yet, the words are
not near as powerful
as the transmission of
this high dimensional unity
consciousness.
But I am looking forward to
sharing these transmissions
maybe in a pyramid portal.
I'd love to see if others
can be dearly touched
in their journeys by my
experiences not likely for them
to have.
The only downside is
sometimes I get so
immersed in my
non-physical reality,
and I'm not sure if
I'm still alive here.
>> And it brings up--
>> Brings up my
topic of transition.
Whenever I'm complete here,
I don't know about timeline.
That's when I will enter
into my return home holiness.
As a sign of that
destiny, I am now
hovered over by my
Sedona spaceship that is
very near to me all the time.
Others can't see it as it
is in a very tall dimension.
Yet, it flashes its
light to me easily
in the form of
attendee transmission.
What I receive is encoded with
a visual display of the ship's
frequency patterning and a
sound recording of its vibration
to make sure I
notice its presence.
And by the way, my love
affair with that spaceship
is a big part of
our new book, where
tell a story of how it helped
me in my journey of becoming
more embodied.
>> Wow.
>> I am grateful--
>> I am grateful for this time
to remember and share tiny
pieces of my life, hoping they
may inspire others to step
into their ascension
journey because to me,
nothing else truly matters here.
Yet, the good news is all of
our outer world experiences
are part of the essence of
our inner world transformation
into our ascension.
>> Well, you've inspired me.
Here we are yet again.
And yeah, what a reflection.
The inner world is
coming out, right?
These inner world civilizations,
the more we connect with them,
it's sort of a symbol
of going inside.
>> Do they want--
Lyrica, do you think they
want us to know them more?
>> They would love to be
connected to more light bearers
on Earth.
But the reality is the distance
between most light held here
and their light under the
Earth is a pretty big step.
>> Yeah, we'll get there.
>> Yeah.
>> We are getting there.
>> Yeah we are.
It's fascinating, exciting.
Wow, stay tuned.
I always say stay tuned.
>> Stay tuned.
Well, with that, why
don't we take a break.
>> Sure.
>> Get some food.
I think Lyrica is hungry.
[MUSIC PLAYING]